This is the writeup for the ICFP Programming Contest 2017 by
team MIPT Lambda.


1. Contest writeup.

* Team, language and environment

  There were two of us this year again. The problem this
  year looked much less amenable to being solved with functional
  languages so we chose Go.

  We used one machine running Debian and one running macOS.

* Lightning round

  We ignored the lightning round completely this time:
  without proper scoreboard and clear rules it just was not worth 
  the effort.
  We managed to implement the protocols and to submit a
  solution that didn't always pass but that's it.

* Playground
  The key instrument in improving solutions was an offline
  playground that we wrote. It enabled us to assess our bots by
  making them play each other. Unfortunately, the analogous
  online playground was lacking. It was not clear how good our
  bots are on average (hourly tournaments would help) and it
  wasn't even clear whether there are more than 10 teams overall.
  So we used the online mode mostly to debug our understanding
  of the non-rigorous parts of the problem statement.

* Visualizer
  Luckily, this time an almost working visualizer was provided
  (it started to break as soon as the extensions poured in),
  so we hacked it around a little to read from a text file
  with the game log and display the game in action.
  We are not sure whether it was useful but at least it was
  pleasant to watch.

* Solution overview

  TODO

2. Information about the project.

  The project has the following structure:

    README                 This file.

    install                The installation script, as required by
                           the problem statement.

    make_submission.sh     A script that packs the git repository
                           into a file ready for submission.

  + maps/                  The maps provided by the organizers.

    run-all-maps           A helper script to set up several bots
                           against each other on all the maps and
                           print the performance statistics.

  + src/

      + common/            Some common files and the proxy that maps
                           arbitrary site ids to the much more convenient
                           range of [0..NumSites).

      + game/              Data structures and bots.

      + playground/        Code for the bot arena.

      + punter/            The program implementing the offline mode protocol.
    
      + vis                The visualizer. Mostly copied from the λ Punter FX.

    team_id.txt            Our team id.
